The Hypothesis of my project is that the higher the Persian and Korean population in a specific zip code, the higher the amount of per-capita business starts. I began by noticing that certain ethnicities are more inclined to start businesses. From what I’ve seen, many business owners are typically not American and I wanted to explore that further. I utilized two large data sets: the first being a dataset that is a census which includes the birthplace of the foreign-born population.  Some of the important information that it gives is the zip code they currently live in, the amount of people in that zip code(population), and for my purposes how many people out of the population are from Iran and Korea (but it could be from any other region). In my other data set, corp.gz, the information available to me was important information about New York State Corporations. We get the CEO name, CEO zip, CEO address, and more. To compute my results I needed three small scripts, a plot.py script, and a makefile. In the first script, I outputted each zip code and how many corporations were started there in the past five years using the corporations file. The second script’s output is the zip code, the number of Persiand in that zip code, the number of Koreans in that zip code, and the total population. The Third script outputted each zip code and within each zip the ratio of the number of Persians over total Population, the number of Koreans over total Population, and the number of new corporations over total Population. The plot.py file drew up a scatterplot in which each data point on an XY plot would correspond to a zip code, the x value of each point would correspond to the percentage of Persians or Koreans in that zip code, and the y value would correspond to new businesses created overall in that zip code. After inspecting the plot the following conclusions can be drawn: the pattern that appears between the Persian and Koreans are very similar. As you move across the X axis to more Persians/Koreans per population, we see the more new businesses created. The Persian zip codes are purple while the Korean zip codes are yellow.  If we want to be very observative, there seem to be slightly more yellow dots than purple ones on the right. That would mean that there are more zip codes that have a higher korean density population ratio. There also seems to be two separate clusters on the plot. It appears that the “higher” cluster is those zip codes that are more productive in regards to starting businesses per capita. Overall, we can conclude that immigrants start new businesses. 
